Add use case document (#482)
vdaas/vald: docs/usecase/usage-example.md

# Use cases

> This document will introduce you the example of what Vald can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will introduce you to the example of what Vald can do.
```

> Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine. Vald supports the general usecase of similarity search engine, like faiss.

Reviewer 2: I think we should describe unstructured data, it cannot search by Inverted index, and we shouldn't describe about faiss, please add another example.

> Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine. Vald supports the general usecase of similarity search engine, like faiss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine. Vald supports the general use case of the similarity vector search engine, like faiss.
```

Here is the example of the use cases of Vald.

1. Image and video processing

>     You can use Vald as the image/video processing engine to search the similar image/video or analysis the image/video for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use Vald as the image/video processing to search the similar image/video or analysis the image/video for your use case.
```

    Vald is capable to process huge number of images at the same time so it should fit with your use case.

>     Here are some example of what you can do with images and video in Vald.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos in Vald.
```

    1. Search by image
    1. Face recognition
    1. Product recommandation base on images
    1. Image/Video analysis
    1. Image/Video deduplication

>     In addition Vald support user-defined filter that user can customize the filter to filter the specific result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In addition Vald supports user-defined filter that user can customize the filter to filter the specific result.
```

>     For example when user chose a man's t-shirt and the similar product is going to be searched in Vald.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example when the user chose a man's t-shirt and the similar product is going to be searched in Vald.
```

>     Without the filtering functionality the women's t-shirt may be searched in Vald and displayed because women's t-shirt is similar to the men's t-shirt and it is very hard to differentiate the image of men's and women's t-shirt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Without the filtering functionality, the women's t-shirt may be searched in Vald and displayed because women's t-shirt is similar to the men's t-shirt and it is very hard to differentiate the image of men's and women's t-shirt.
```

>     By implementing the custom filter you can filter only the man's t-shirt base on your criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By implementing the custom filter you can filter only the man's t-shirt based on your criteria.
```

1. Audio processing

    Audio processing is important for the personal assistant implementation.

    Vald can act as a brain of the personal assistant function, conversation interpretor and the natural language generation.

    Here are some example of what you can process in Vald.

    1. Personal assistant
    1. Speech recognition
    1. Natural language understanding and generation

1. Text processing

>     Since Vald support some texting vectorizing engine like `BERT`, you can process your text in Vald.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since Vald supports some texting vectorizing like `BERT`, you can process your text in Vald.
```

>     Here are some example of the use case of the text processing in Vald.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here are some examples of the use case of the text processing in Vald.
```

    1. Search by text

>     1. Product recommandation base on text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Product recommendation based on text
```

    1. Grammar checker
    1. Real-time translator

1. Data Analysis

>     Vald can process the vector data, you can analysis every data you can vectorize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Vald can process the vector data, you can analyze every data you can vectorize.
```

>     Here are some example of the use case of data analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here are some examples of the use case of data analysis.
```

# Use cases

This document will introduce you to the example of what Vald can do.

> Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which use [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manage to integrate with kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: please add the word 'distributed' it's a very important part of vald

Author: fixed

> Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which use [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manage to integrate with kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald is the approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which uses [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manages to integrate with Kubernetes.
```

In general, you cannot search your unstructured data using the inverted index, like images and videos.
By using a vector search engine like Vald, you can search the corresponding unstructured data by converting them to the corresponding feature vectors and process in Vald.

Here are some general use cases of Vald or vector search engine.

> 1. Image and video processing

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
I think it is better to write the categories as headlines.
```suggestion
## Image and video processing
```

    You can use Vald as the image/video processing engine to search the similar image/video or analysis the image/video for your use case.

    Vald is capable to process a huge number of images at the same time so it should fit with your use case.

    Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos in Vald.

    1. Search by image
    1. Face recognition
    1. Product recommendation base on images
    1. Image/Video analysis
    1. Image/Video deduplication

> 1. Audio processing

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
same.
```suggestion
## Audio processing
```

    Audio processing is important for personal assistant implementation.

    Vald can act as a brain of the personal assistant function, conversation interpreter and the natural language generation.

    Here are some examples of what you can process in Vald.

    1. Personal assistant
    2. Speech recognition
    3. Natural language understanding and generation

> 1. Text processing

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
same.
```suggestion
## Text processing
```

    Since Vald supports some texting vectorizing like `BERT`, you can process your text in Vald.

    Here are some examples of the use case of text processing in Vald.

    1. Search by text
    2. Product recommendation based on text
    3. Grammar checker
    4. Real-time translator

> 1. Data analysis

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
same.
```suggestion
## Data analysis
```

# Use cases

This document will introduce you to the example of what Vald can do.
Vald is a highly scalable distributed fast approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which uses [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manages to integrate with Kubernetes.

In general, you cannot search your unstructured data using the inverted index, like images and videos.

> By applying the model like BERT, you can convert your unstructured data into vectors.

Reviewer 2: I think BERT is one of example, please describer another example

    Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos in Vald.

    1. Search by image
    1. Face recognition
    1. Product recommendation base on images
    1. Image/Video analysis
    1. Image/Video deduplication

## Audio processing

    Audio processing is important for personal assistant implementation.

    Vald can act as a brain of the personal assistant function, conversation interpreter and the natural language generation.

    Here are some examples of what you can process in Vald.

    1. Personal assistant
    2. Speech recognition
    3. Natural language understanding and generation

## Text processing

    Since Vald supports some texting vectorizing like `BERT`, you can process your text in Vald.

    Here are some examples of the use case of text processing in Vald.

    1. Search by text
    2. Product recommendation based on text
    3. Grammar checker
    4. Real-time translator

## Data analysis

    Vald can process the vector data, you can analyze every data you can vectorize.

    Here are some examples of the use case of data analysis.

    1. AI malware detection
    2. Price optimization

>     3. Social analysis

Author: Yes, you are right. We will write some brief description on each use cases :)
Thank you!

# Use cases

  This document will introduce you to the example of what Vald can do.
  Vald is a highly scalable distributed fast approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which uses [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manages to integrate with Kubernetes.

  In general, you cannot search your unstructured data using the inverted index, like images and videos.
  By applying the model like BERT or VGG, you can convert your unstructured data into vectors.
  After converting them into vectors, you can insert it to Vald and process them in Vald.

  Here are some general use cases of Vald or vector search engine.

## Image and video processing

  You can use Vald as the image/video processing engine to search the similar image/video or analysis the image/video for your use case.

  Vald is capable to process a huge number of images at the same time so it case fit with your use case.

>   Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos in Vald.

Reviewer 3: I think it is correct to say "using Vald" because these example cannot achieve by using only Vald.
```suggestion
  Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos using Vald.
```

- Search by image
- Face recognition
- Product recommendation base on images
- Image/Video analysis
- Image/Video deduplication

## Audio processing

  Audio processing is important for personal assistant implementation.

  Vald can act as a brain of the personal assistant function, conversation interpreter and the natural language generation.

>   Here are some examples of what you can process in Vald.

Reviewer 3: same.

Author: ```suggestion
  Here are some examples of what you can process using Vald.
```

- Personal assistant
- Speech recognition
- Natural language understanding and generation

## Text processing

>   Since Vald supports some texting vectorizing like `BERT`, you can process your text in Vald.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Using a text vectorizing model like BERT, you can process your text data in Vald.
```

>   Here are some examples of the use case of text processing in Vald.

Reviewer 3: same.

Author: ```suggestion
  Here are some examples of the use case of text processing using Vald.
```

- Search by text
- Product recommendation based on text
- Grammar checker
- Real-time translator

## Data analysis

  Vald can process the vector data, you can analyze every data you can vectorize.

  Here are some examples of the use case of data analysis.

- AI malware detection

>   To detect the malware in Vald, you need to vectorize the malware binary file and insert into Vald first.

Reviewer 3: i think it's misleading.
maybe better to write like that?
```suggestion
  To detect the malware using Vald, you need to vectorize the malware binary file and insert into Vald first.
```

>   You can analysis your binary by performing a search to find a similar binary in Vald.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  You can analyze your binary by performing a search to find a similar binary in Vald.
```

  If your binary is similar with the malware binary, you can trigger the alert for users.
  
- Price optimization

   By applying the price optimization technique using Vald, you can find the most optimized price for your business.
  You can apply models like GLMs to achieve it and use Vald as a machine learning engine for your business.

- Social analysis

>   To analysis the social relationship of users, you can suggest them their related friends, page recommendation, or other use cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  To analyze the social relationship of users, you can suggest them their related friends, page recommendation, or other use cases.
```

>   You can apply different models to analysis the social data, and use Vald as a recommendation engine for your business.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  You can apply different models to analyze the social data, and use Vald as a recommendation engine for your business.
```

# Use cases

  This document will introduce you to the example of what Vald can do.
  Vald is a highly scalable distributed fast approximate nearest neighbor dense vector search engine, which uses [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT) as the core engine of Vald, and Vald manages to integrate with Kubernetes.

  In general, you cannot search your unstructured data using the inverted index, like images and videos.
  By applying the model like BERT or VGG, you can convert your unstructured data into vectors.
  After converting them into vectors, you can insert it to Vald and process them in Vald.

  Here are some general use cases of Vald or vector search engine.

## Image and video processing

>   ![Image and video processing](../../assets/docs/usecase_image.png)

Reviewer 4: You have to confirm when we compile to `.html` file via HUGO.
And, I note about the architecture document uses `<img src="">' instead of this style.
Which style will we use in future?

Author: Thank you for your comment, I will confirm it via HUGO later :) 

I suggest to use `![]()` format to import the image in the future. 
The reason we used `<img src>` in architecture document was because the image was in `svg` format and `![]()` format does not support in `svg` format. 
If you support my suggestion, should I also include to change the architecture document in this PR?

Reviewer 4: hmm...
Well, if we use `![]()` instead of `<img src=...>`, we should fix architecture document and `init.sh` in [vdaas/web](https://github.com/vdaas/web) repo.

Author: Oh... Should we use `<img>` tag in this PR first and fix it afterwards?

  You can use Vald as the image/video processing engine to search the similar image/video or analyze the image/video for your use case.

  Vald is capable to process a huge number of images at the same time so it case fit with your use case.

  Here are some examples of what you can do with images and videos using Vald.

- Search by image
- Face recognition

> - Product recommendation base on images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product recommendation based on images
```

  ![Audio processing](../../assets/docs/usecase_audio.png)

  Audio processing is important for personal assistant implementation.

  Vald can act as a brain of the personal assistant function, conversation interpreter and the natural language generation.

  Here are some examples of what you can process using Vald.

- Personal assistant
- Speech recognition
- Natural language understanding and generation

## Text processing

  ![Text processing](../../assets/docs/usecase_text.png)

  Using a text vectorizing model like BERT, you can process your text data in Vald.

  Here are some examples of the use case of text processing using Vald.

- Search by text
- Product recommendation based on text
- Grammar checker
- Real-time translator

## Data analysis

  ![Data analysis](../../assets/docs/usecase_data.png)

  Vald can process the vector data, you can analyze every data you can vectorize.

  Here are some examples of the use case of data analysis.

- AI malware detection

  To detect the malware using Vald, you need to vectorize the malware binary file and insert into Vald first.
  You can analyze your binary by performing a search to find a similar binary in Vald.

>   If your binary is similar with the malware binary, you can trigger the alert for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your binary is similar to the malware binary, you can trigger the alert for users.
```
